Update tuning-changelogs.adoc (#717)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/administration/pages/tuning-changelogs.adoc

java.max_changelog_entries = 0
----

> If you set this parameter (remember you need to restart the services with `spacewalk-service restart`), it will come into effect only for new packages when they are synchronized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set this parameter, it will come into effect only for new packages when they are synchronized.
After changing this parameter, restart services with ``spacewalk-service restart``.
```

> You might like to delete and regenerate the cached data to remove older data.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "delete and regenerate" I'd use the term "purge".  Then in the IMPORTANT note, we can explain that purging in this context means deleting and then regenerating.

Reviewer: why?

Author: @Loquacity: Why... what?

If it's about my change: because the change comes into effect only for new packages. For existing packages, "delete and regenerate" is needed so the old changelogs are removed from database, and then regenerated with the limits specified at the config file.

Reviewer: I meant why use "purge"?

Reviewer 2: That's what the user wants to do, IMO.  Person does not want to delete and regenerate (that's the command sequence to be run), but purging is actually wanted.  Maybe, there is a better term.

Of course, it is perfectly fine if we explain how this purging takes place technically.

I do not insist on my proposal.  Maybe, it causes more trouble than help.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Deleting and regenerating cached data can take a long time.
Depending on the number of channels you have and the amount of data to be deleted, it can potentially take several hours.
The task is run in the background by Taskomatic, so you can continue to use {productname} while the operation completes, however you should expect some performance loss.
====

> You can delete and and request a regeneration of cached data from the command line, using the SQL interface:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can delete and and request a regeneration of cached data from the command line:
```
Better avoid the confusing prompts (we have some variants in our docs...)

----

> # spacewalk-sql -i

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
spacewalk-sql -i
----

Then, on the SQL database prompt:

```

> yourdatabase=# DELETE FROM rhnPackageRepodata;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----
DELETE FROM rhnPackageRepodata;
```

> yourdatabase=# INSERT INTO rhnRepoRegenQueue (id, CHANNEL_LABEL, REASON, FORCE)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
INSERT INTO rhnRepoRegenQueue (id, CHANNEL_LABEL, REASON, FORCE)
```

               (SELECT sequence_nextval('rhn_repo_regen_queue_id_seq'),
                       C.label,
                       'cached data regeneration',
                       'Y'
                FROM rhnChannel C);

> yourdatabase=#  \q

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\q
```

java.max_changelog_entries = 0
----

> If you set this parameter (remember you need to restart the services with `spacewalk-service restart`), it will come into effect only for new packages when they are synchronized.

Author: I am pretty sure we need the restart. @mcalmer?

----

If you set this parameter, it will come into effect only for new packages when they are synchronized.

After changing this parameter, restart services with ``spacewalk-service restart``.

You might like to delete and regenerate the cached data to remove older data.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Deleting and regenerating cached data can take a long time.
Depending on the number of channels you have and the amount of data to be deleted, it can potentially take several hours.
The task is run in the background by Taskomatic, so you can continue to use {productname} while the operation completes, however you should expect some performance loss.
====

You can delete and request a regeneration of cached data from the command line:

----
spacewalk-sql -i

> DELETE FROM rhnPackageRepodata;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
----

Then on the SQL database prompt, enter:

----
DELETE FROM rhnPackageRepodata;
```
I think I failed to add this comment properly.  Hope this helps.

Author: @keichwa done, I think. Please review :-)

INSERT INTO rhnRepoRegenQueue (id, CHANNEL_LABEL, REASON, FORCE)
(SELECT sequence_nextval('rhn_repo_regen_queue_id_seq'),
        C.label,
        'cached data regeneration',
        'Y'
        FROM rhnChannel C);

> \q

Author: Personally, I found this format somehow confusing, but I changed it as requested by @keichwa

Author: With your new suggestion, I found it now easily understandable. Thanks a lot.

You can delete cached data from the command line, using the SQL interface:

----
# spacewalk-sql -i
yourdatabase=# DELETE FROM rhnPackageRepodata;
yourdatabase=# INSERT INTO rhnRepoRegenQueue (id, CHANNEL_LABEL, REASON, FORCE)
               (SELECT sequence_nextval('rhn_repo_regen_queue_id_seq'),
                       C.label,
                       'package summary modification',
                       'Y'
                FROM rhnChannel C);
yourdatabase=#  \q

> ----

Author: I guess that what happens here is in fact:
1. We remove the cached data
2. We add all packages to a queue so the cached data is regenerated.

Reviewer 3: correct. I would also change 'package summary modification' into something more generic. AFAIK we copied this from a schema migration where the reason for re-generation was a change in the summary.

Author: References changed to "delete and regenerate", but I am not sure what you mean about:

> I would also change 'package summary modification' into something more generic.

(maybe because I am not so familiar with the DB schema)

Reviewer 3: That string is just a text which should tell you why this job is there.
Not 100% sure if it is visible somewhere.

Author: Ah!

Author: Done.
